
### Date of the meeting: July 09, 2019

_**Call Time**: 17pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 10:00, Thessaloniki Tue 20:00, Melbourne, Wed 03:00)
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T19&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees
- Chair: Silvia
- Note-taker(s): Bianca & Sarah
- Sarah Stevens
- Serah Rono
- Jessica
- Ouso
- Sher!

### Apologies
- Sateesh (Teaching workshop@Davis)
- Christina (busy week!!)
  - I can post the notes from this meeting to the github repo if necessary
  - Also, I didn't do my action item of checking in with committees; will do that in the next two weeks
- Anne: Sorry I am on holidays with no proper internet connection!

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
  - Update from Bianca on the venue
  - Determine next steps for venue
  - Conference Theme
  - Committee updates
  - Planning
  
### Minutes from the Discussion:

#### Update from Bianca on the venue: 

- Cape Town lodge - $31.51/person/day (cofee breaks, lunch, juice, water, paper, white board, wifi, screen etc.) 
secretarial and translation services available on request. Outside catering not allowed, they will accommodate many diets, 
outsourcing when needed; no childcare but can be arranged; 3 of the rooms are wheelchair accessible;
123 rooms, last year we had 120 so this might limit how many people can come. 
There are other hotels nearby (according to Google Maps, several hotels <1km from CTL). Lots of other stuff nearby.  Accomodation and dinner not included in the fee. 31.76(dinner)+31.51(dayly conference fee)+accomodation+breakfast).  
Quote for 200 people for 3 days: $64,387 USD for whole conference including accomodation, 
etc. (everything but dinner)+ $9,056 USD for dinner. (Total: USD $73,443 without accommodation for 77 )  
TOTAL w/ ALL ACCOMIDATION $101,702  ~ $508.51 per person.

- UWC - country side, not walking distance, 10 minutes by car, 
need transport arrangement but possible, don't know about what the costs will be like for 
that (by delegate or as part of registration?).  Met with Sandra in person last week. 
She said she would recommend a different venue after thinking about the choices.
But Bianca thinks it might be bad to add another venue to the list at this point.  
Silvia agrees that we shouldn't add another venue.  
Ouso says he shared his thoughts in email, the Cape Town lodge is better.  Bianca: Think CTL is better. 

With UWC restricted to 1 week of holidays and bare minimum accomodations.  Everything is not very close.
- Questions for Bianca about Cape   `Town Lodge:
1) Serah: Translations would be available for which languages? ----> Bianca will find out
2) Serah: How many rooms would the venue afford us for breakout sessions? ---> As many as we'd need, and arranged 
in different ways - conference-style, boardroom-style, etc
3) Sarah: Do you know what the accommodation near by is per night? Just so we can estimate the cost including the 77 - USD $367/person (just the 77)

- Sher!: Venue for CC2018 was free; costs for CTL doesn't look bad at all
- Ouso: are we missing any facets? Sher!: everything is covered; info is enough to present to leadership team and budget committee
    
#### Determine next steps for venue: any more information we need? If we can make a decision, what happens next? 

- Sarah: send costs to budget committee and The Carpentries staff/leadership - if approved, 
we can move forward with contract ---> All eight participants on the call agree with this course of action
- Sarah: Who would be responsible for signing contracts and agreements with CC2020 vendors? --- > Elizabeth Williams 
does signing of contracts
- Bianca: What happens if Budget subcommittee / Carpentries Leadership finds Cape Town 
Lodge too expensive an option? ---> Sarah: we can keep the second SA venue as an option in that case. 
Sher!: Carpentries leadership is privy to all Task Force discussions and this won't catch them by surprise, 
we have their support


#### Conference Theme:

- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Bf1BYwA-ZR2fFvS1tszebcstFAAYbh2cyz_pcIzRc5Q/edit?usp=sharing
- Main themes:
1) Sarah's top themes ---> Sarah counted the three themes that have the most top votes (1-3) and the least low votes (7-9) [ask Sarah to summarise that here] to help us prioritise   
    - Computational training and capacity building in diverse communities +1+1+1
    - Developing computational thinking in science and education
    - Fostering growth through inclusivity
    - Growing inclusive, computational communities and leaders
2) Bianca's top themes ---> Bianca looked at the theme with the total lowest score - result = Growing inclusive, computational communities and leaders (this is also pretty high on Sarah's list, 
it would be next after the three, since it has less high votes but a low number of low votes)
- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Bf1BYwA-ZR2fFvS1tszebcstFAAYbh2cyz_pcIzRc5Q/edit#gid=251044217

- Serah: suggest that we pass top 4 themes to Carpentries Leadership and make final call 
for theme - TF can then get started on actual planning of conference. How does the TF feel about this?  +1 for everybody

#### Committee updates:

- Budget
1) Vote on names for additional levels and additional levels themselves :
                Jr. Sponsors (maybe not…)
                Base Sponsors
                Friend Sponsors ($500 too?) +1+1+1 (maybe just "Friends"?) or Allies? 
                Don't feel strongly about this, though. Either works. When I read this, 
                I think that all of the others are not "friends". Even though I know it doesn't mean that.<- good point! 
                Special Sponsor
                Bronze Sponsor (maybe for $500) - might be excluded as it was decided to not use mineral categorisations
                Start-up Sponsor ($250) +1+1+1+1
                
- Sher!: Instead of having two levels we could have only one and keep only one maximum level like for example 
500 and less. In this way everybody can contribute and we will accept also 10 dollars donations. ---> Silvia: we have to 
discuss it with the budget subcommitee. What do we offer to a person that gives only 10 dollars?
- Marco: do check-in from small companies - will we accept money from anyone? Think about honesty and ideas that companies have, e.g. we might not want to accept sponsorship from companies that are "unethical"
- Sher!: "Friend Sponsors" maybe not such a good idea - any sponsors with a value lower than this might feel offended
- Ouso: Are we targeting individual or org donors? ---> Silvia: Both, still in discussion
- Ouso: How will small sponsors benefit? ---> Silvia: we still have to discuss it
- Serah: Can the subcommittee offer descriptions for different types of sponsors we are targeting, 
and then we can decide what names suit the different categories? 
(No need to scrap any of the names above, but maybe starting with the descriptions and different 
perks we have available for them will help us craft the categories faster and work our way up to sponsor names)
                
2) Talk to Task Force about communicating sponsorship form along with venue decision
- Silvia: want to send out communication to see sponsorship interests
Questions for communication subcommittee:
- Which format will we use to ask for sponsorships? Sarah: suggests Silvia (budget sub-comm) 
join communication sub-comm meeting next meeting to discuss this

3) Each sub-committee should designate a contact person to communicate with the budget sub-committee about 
their sub-committee's budget/business related activities ---> decide who will be responsible for communicating with Elizabeth 
regarding reimbursments, etc.

- Communications
2) Drafted Blog post for announcing venue and theme, under review - 
will add features about venue, etc. to blog as soon as decision has been finalised


#### Planning 

- Listing Task Force and Subcommittee meetings in The Carpentries community calendar (Serah) +1 from everyone :)
- (post-meeting) Orientation for new task force members
- Ouso: reassess our commitments; define what responsibilities are for chairs/co-chairs; check debrief document - are we on track? Consider dates for CC2020!!!
- Serah: TF sub-committee roles: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Rjgp3E7T8SXR-oOLTUXL6H7F5dVVsjL210x69jhJkk8
 will help us fast-track tasks for CC2020
 
### Action points

- Task force: have a look at the document created by Sher! and Serah 
  https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Rjgp3E7T8SXR-oOLTUXL6H7F5dVVsjL210x69jhJkk8
- Sub-committee: Each sub-committee should designate a contact person to communicate with the budget 
  sub-committee about their sub-committee's budget/business related activities
- Sateesh: write taskforce onboarding document (e.g. add member to mailing list, add to website, get involved with at least 1 sub-committee, etc.)
- Bianca: follow up with Sateesh about TF onboarding document and help with writing
- Silvia: send out minutes
- Serah and Sher!: summary email of budget and features for Cape Town Lodge to Carpentries leadership (Bianca can assist with info/numbers)
- Silvia: summary for Budget subcommittee
- Sher! and Serah w/budget email: Send top 4 themes to leadership (consider excluding "science" - Sarah: “Science” might exclude humanities researchers a bit…
They don’t usually think of themselves as “scientists")
- Serah: list TF and subcomm meetings to The Carpentries community calendar - add info about what we are doing
- Silvia: Ask for Chair for next meeting in minutes email

### Next call

Our next call, currently planned for July 9, 2019

Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce
