### Date of the meeting: May 28th, 2019

_**Call Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T19&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees

- Sarah Stevens
- Ouso
- Aleks Nenadic (Notetaker)
- Bianca Peterson (Chair)
- Serah Rono
- Jessica

### Apologies

- Anne (will be still on a plane).
- Christina Koch
- Sateesh Peri (@Airport, travelling to Arizona. Will be monitoring the etherpad)
-  Mark Laufersweiler (double booked)
- Silvia On holiday

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
- Theme discussion
- Venue discussion
- Feedback from sub-committees
  
### Minutes from the discussion:

#### Theme discussion

- Anne:
    - Many bids are around growing "FAIR" scientists but some put more emphasis on personal development (prepare leaderships, advance researcher's career, learn new skills) and other on inclusivity aspects (being able to reach out new communities and researchers, learn to "interoperate" with each other i.e. learn to work efficiently with each other).
    - One bid is about having fun when coding; as a way to improve community interactivity: I like the idea to have fun sessions!
    - Growth seems to be an important aspect in all the theme bids.
- Sarah Stevens: Compilation of several suggestions - Something like.. Growing Together or Growing Leadership Together
- Bianca Peterson: I submitted one theme suggestion - am I allowed to participate in discussions of the themes? Sher! says "Yes!" 2020 vision - "perfect vision" as a theme for the conference. Important to stress skills people will gain, or things that what they are going to learn at the conference - that may help people with getting travel support from their institutions. 
- Sarah: Maybe we can call ‘Skill-ups’ -> ‘Fun-damentals’ ? 
- Aleks
    - Training and interoperability documentation - put several, e.g. inclusivity, gaining skills, diversity
- Bianca:
    - We can also have sub-themes or descriptions below the main theme
- Sarah:
    - Theme is like a title, and then a more verbose description or a "teaser" like in a blog post (as suggested by Sher!)
- Sher!: We can have 3 big words from all the proposals that seem to come through repeatedly
- Fotis: Fostering growth through inclusivity +1
- Words we want in a theme (add more here): community, leadership, inclusivitiy, growth, 
- Bianca: Do we select just the one winner (we said they would get some swag)? Sher!: we can combine the winners that had their themes in the winning theme and get them all some swag.
- Bianca: do we also want to attract new members? Yes!
- Sher! and Sarah: maybe we should have a subset of options for people to vote on?
- Ouso: Inclusivity, code, computation and open were the terms I picked as prominent in the themes... and accessibility!
- Suggestions for voting:
    - Fostering growth through inclusivity +1+1+1+1+1+1
    - Carpentry for all
    - "We grow together, building up each other"
    - sustainability, accessibility, awareness, Carpentry for all +1+1
    - Maybe: Sustainability, accessibility, awareness & openness - Carpentry for all?
    - Growing an inclusive community (or Growing our community inclusively)+1+1+1+1
    - Serah: Can be merged with the first theme suggestion - Fostering growth through inclusivity?
    - Empowering Communities of Computational Practice +1+1
    - CarpentryCon 2020-Global community-enriching lives!
    - Building Our Capacity Together+1+1+1
    - 20/20 - an event with vision (Sarah: worried 'vision' is not inclusive of people with disabilities)
    - Carpentries- Putting the 'fun' in fundamental coding skills!
    - Leadership +1
    - Computational research skills to the last mile +1+1+1
    - (1) Coding for Innovation (2) Open Innovation+1
    - We grow together, learning from and building up each other+1+1
    - Growing Inclusive, Computational Communites and Leaders (How about Growing, instead of Organising or Fostering?)+1+1+1+1
        - Swap Inclusive and Computational?+1+1+1+1
        - +1 for fostering in place of growing +1TTI
    
#### Venue discussion

- See bids at https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C1LYf480Rtgm5BMbGZrJ4JSgfArss3BBxSZjVC9E7Q0/edit#gid=1884656396
- Anne: 
    - All the bids are in nice locations; not all of them on university campus.
    - Choosing the theme may add requirements we did not highlight in the Venue bid form; for instance in the theme bids some suggested one to one or very small group activities (CVs, etc.);
    - We did not check for VISA, etc.; it may become an important aspect for choosing the site. Distances from/to airport vary a lot between bids.
    - For several bids, accomodation prices depend on the season and the availability of student accomodations.
    - 2 bids are from South Africa (closest airport is the same but the two locations are still within some distance from ach other): it can be interesting as we could eventually have "lots" of motivated local organizers to help.
    - arranging immunisation jabs and the cost of getting jabs
    - For the first bid (Anelda & al.), accomodation price is more or less independent on the date (hotels and not student accomodations).
    - 1 bid from US: co-sponsor from the University (make the price quite attractive) and local instructors available. The main issue could be the location (US) and the difficulty to get a VISA to attend CarpentryCon.
    - cheap, smaller town that can be reached easily from Chicago, loads of space, easily reachable places for dinner, loads of break out spaces, children are allowed on site, looks like a very strong venue bid
    - 1 bid from Canada: well thought application for the location itself (safe place, close to centre, etc.) but it may be expensive to reach. Childcare is uncertain and if we want to consider this bid, we would need to ask for further information (from my point of view, childcare is a must for CarpentryCon 2020)
    - 1 bid from India: most likely the cheapest price. It seems quite a vast campus; we need to discuss (for all the sites) how we can keep the same "atmosphere" for 100 or 200 participants (not 400).
- Sarah: recusing self since I submitted a bid and therefore have a conflict of interest.
- Bianca Peterson: also recusing self due to involvement with venue bid submitted for Cape Town Lodge (SA)
- Sateesh : Also recusing as I am an alumni of the venue bid from India 
- Sher!: no need for anyone to recuse - everyone can participate in discussions - those who submitted bids can be excluded when we are voting
- Sateesh: 
    - The university is small town in itself and the proposed life sciences center also has access to other facilities on campus to accommodate more people if required but, will require discussion and the final number of participants attending.
    - for ex VISA approval should be realtively easy for India for such type of conferences
    - Local support will be available
    - one downside that I can think of right now is that the carpentry and open science community will not be as widespread as the rest of the world but that is also my point to help connect people and spread the community
    - I mean the Carpentry is still in its budding stages in India from what I have heard, so it would not only be teaching the coding but establishing the fundamentals of carpentry communities
- Ouso: What's our time frame like, how about we assign people to check on all this stuff visa for the venues that are already in, that way we cover ground?
- Sarah: prohibitive cost based on last years budget?
- Things/criteria to consider:
    - cost of visas, 
    - immunisation, 
    - proximity to an airport 
    - childcare possibilities - is there a room on site, are children allowed on site
    - is local support avaliable
    - size of the venue
    - ... all the questions we asked in the form

- Sateesh: (India) one downside that I can think of right now is that the carpentry and open science community will not be as widespread as the rest of the world but that is also my point to help connect people and spread the community. I mean the Carpentry is still in its budding stages in India from what I have heard, so it would not only be teaching the coding but establishing the fundamentals of carpentry communities
- Order or criteria for CarpentryCon2018 from Fotis: visa, cost, accessibility, an engaged local person or a group of helpers (not necessarily from the committee or from the Carpentry community) in that order; the least number of countries that require visa for the venue country, check ticket prices from various points around the world, proximity to the airport.
- 3 more days for the venue call - we'll discuss the venue bids more on the next meeting
- Sarah: design a rubric for ranking venues or do we poll the community? Is there a committee that it would make sense to task this with? I’m wondering if the committee has differing opinions on what are the most important features? Or if we all agree <- this would make it easier to make a rubric of course.
- Sher!: could ask content sub-committee. 
- Bianca: as well as others who have previously organised events.
- specific venue requirements for child-care? 

#### Feedback from sub-committees

- Program (Bianca):
        - 1st draft: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AhnQUs2acSWsdg20B718wYllmuSUGgiyxDyPvm_tC0s/edit?usp=sharing
        - A copy of CC2018, but Conference Dinner and Poster Reception has been switched. Feedback (debrief document) stated that people were too tired and jet-lagged and wanted to find a bar to get something to drink and just relax. I (Bianca) think it's a good idea, because people can get to know each other on the 1st night. On the other hand, we could move it to Day 3, so that the conference ends with dinner to give people time to reflect on everything (and say goodbye). However, an extra night (accommodation) will then have to be arranged.

**General notes**
- Sher!: think about dates for CC2020

### Action points

- Everyone: Look over bids which we have recieved so far.
- Bianca: Google poll for theme suggestion: top 5 suggestions and free text field alternative suggestion - include other suggestions as well
    - Fostering growth through inclusivity
    - Growing an inclusive community (or Growing our community inclusively)
    - Building Our Capacity Together
    - Computational research skills to the last mile
    - Growing Inclusive, Computational Communites and Leaders 
- Ouso: design a rubric for ranking venues 
- Everyone: give feedback on Program draft
- Bianca: add brief descriptions to events on program - what is a skill-up, a workshop, a breakout - Sarah: Maybe the workshops were really ‘co-working’ sessions? If I recall?
- Everyone: Find a chair for next week (not Bianca!)

### Next call

Our next call, currently planned for Tuesday, June 11th, 2019, 17:00 GMT

Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce
