### Date of the meeting: Monday, July 3, 10:00 EST / 14:00 UTC / 16:00 CEST

### Attendees
- Malvika Sharan
- Mateusz Kuzak
- Tracy Teal
- Mark Laufersweiler 
- Fotis Psomopoulos

### Apologies
- Jamie Hadwin
- Rayna Harris 
- Belinda Weaver

### Update regarding Actions
- Blog post: Fotis wrote up summary of current progress and ongoing activites: https://software-carpentry.org/blog/2017/06/carpentrycon-update.html
- community call: Rayna will put this on the schedule for a community call - August  http://pad.software-carpentry.org/community-call-2017-08-17
- reviewing materials: everyone on the committee will comment on the BID form and the proposal within 1 week so that edits can be made

### Please add your comments to the documents:
- BID guide: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iLfRSnRJ_J7laBhFAQsMgjiX_-P5v3BFtQ4f5WaMZQ8/edit
- Agenda: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WdYsY7s1dFm9TigDAuIfvfnfLVthTwRsDOn2KIkJl1E/edit#heading=h.dyu4li4jmwfq

### Discussion points:

1) __Last meeting with NumFOCUS__

  - Fotis gave a Brief update (See below for the details)
  - Mark, Fotis, Maneesha and Belinda spoke to Lyn, Nancy and Leah
  - the following suggestions were given for the venue selection: 
    - we can go for the open bid, but were suggested to look for the locations such as University sites that could be interested in hosting the Carpentry Con
    - Universities are more appropriate as they are open and well organized for such events
    - ...also they are cheaper than commercial sites

2) __Sponsorships__

  - This should start right after the location has been decided
  - We can look for sponsors who might be interested in sponsoring the conference
  - how can the sponsors gain from this event?
    - How to allow visibilities to them (advertise on the website/poster/event sites)
    - Who could be their target audience for a potential collaboration
    - They can be suggested to sponsor certain specific part of the event (poster session, breakout session etc.)
  - Gather travel grant for the young scientists from specific location
    - How can we handle reimbursements (exchange rate)?
    - NumFocus will be able deal with the allocation of the budgets obtained from the sponsorship

3) __Timeline__

    - Decision of the location by September 2017
    - Aim to have the event dates in Spring 2018

4) __Discussion on the bid and agenda__

  - Links of the documents are given on the top
  - Migrate the BID and Agenda to https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon repository (access)
  - It looks improved now, but should be reviewed again after the bids are received and the location is decided
  - Check the guidelines by the NumFocus to take care of any legal (for example, childcare related etc.) issues
    - How many people might want childcare? (we need to find a way to guage interests)
  - Breakout session hosting (invite volunteers)
  - A survey to gague interest and ability to attend. However, we will postpone distributing this until we received bids.
     - What kind of survey can we use?
  - How can we get feedback after the conference?
    - A short survey link to be sent/shared on site/twitter/via email
    - Have a wrap up session and collect one thing from the attendees about what they learnt and took back from this event

5) __Location related issues__

- _Country suggestions:_
  - This topic will need more focus in order to be more inclusive for wider number of audience
  - we are not looking for sites in UK/USA
    - USA: might exclude many people who need visa and will have troubles getting it but other countries might exclude those who can not leave USA 
    - UK also has a long visa procedure
  - Toronto: a possible option as it is closer to the USA
    - Google office might be able to offer their space
  - Europe:
  - Netherlands (Mateusz)
  - Ireland: Dublin
  - Spain (Mateusz will check with Inigo from San Sebastian)
  - Italy: Rome (we can ask Allegra Via for the university location: Mateusz and Malvika)
  - Germany: 
    - Frankfurt/Dusseldorf/Berlin
    - Heidelberg (EMBL/DKFZ/Uni Heidelberg: Malvika will talk to them and update)

- _Event venue related issues:_
  - A few important questions for the location providers (before the bid is shared):
    - The cost of the event - how much would it be for the venue, how much would local housing be?
    - Total capacity of the event venue
    - Is there a local person to help coordinate
    - Technical support
  - Rooms for breakout sessions

6) _Agenda:_
  - 3-day agenda: two main days with keynotes + workshops/open third day (optional).
  - Idea can be collected on the day-1 on a white board (participants can add their suggestion)
   
7) _Next meeting:_
  - Next meeting on the 7th August
    - Closer to the community call (17th August)- what should be discussed (should be announced) 
  - Check with Belinda and update on a time that is suitable for Australian time as well
  - Proposed time: 3:00 PM CEST
    - Change connection for the meeting to Zoom- we should use Zoom next time. BlueJeans will have expired.

### Action points:

1. Connect to the three sites
2. Google form for the template
3. List of the sponsors in EU (to guide the actions right after the location is finalized) -  google doc (share with others who can suggest even though they can't contact)
4. Most of us agreed on the 3 days of the workshop (2+3rd day with break out sessions which could be optional)
5. Check with Belinda and update on a time that is suitable for Australian time as well
  - Proposed date, August 7th and time: 3:00 PM CEST
6. Announce the use of Zoom from next time, as BlueJeans will expired by August.
7. Ideas for keynotes, topics for breakouts sessions (agenda + 2), workshops (fotis)
8. Before the community call, update the GitHub repo (fotis)
9. Migrate minutes, bid and agenda to Github (fotis)
  - Link for the taskforce minutes: https://github.com/swcarpentry/board/tree/master/TaskForces/2018-CarpentryCon