# Software Carpentry 2018 CarpentryCon Task Force
Resources
- Google drive:  https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0B2Mb22lbj2tjMFBiVE5oQ3ctZHc
- Connection info: https://bluejeans.com/356077269
- Past meeting minutes: https://github.com/swcarpentry/board/tree/master/TaskForces/2018-CarpentryCon/minutes
- GitHub repo: https://github.com/swcarpentry/board/tree/master/TaskForces/2018-CarpentryCon/
- Draft schedule https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WdYsY7s1dFm9TigDAuIfvfnfLVthTwRsDOn2KIkJl1E/edit?usp=sharing

## Monday, June 5, 10:00 EST / 14:00 UTC / 16:00 CET
Attendees
- Malvika
- Mateusz
- Fotis
- Rayna
- Mark
- Jamie

Apologies
-  Tracy

## Summary
At today's meeting we elected new officers! Fotis is taking over as chair, and Malvika is taking over as secretary. 
You can expect to hear from them about our progress in the comming months. 
We also made good progress going over the program and the preparing a form so that people/organizations can bid on hosting 
CarpentryCon. Next month, we hope to have an update on the financial role that NumFocus will play. 
In August, we will host the Community Call to bring in more people into the discussion and planning.

## Action items for next meeting:
- blog post: Fotis will write it up summary of current progress and ongoing activites
- community call: Rayna will put this on the schedule for a community call
- reviewing materials: everyone on the committee will comment on the BID form and the proposal within 1 week so that edits can be made

## Links to useful resources:
Interesting resource conference logistics:
- http://www.confpeople.co.uk/about-us/glossary
- http://www.confpeople.co.uk/free-venue-finding/room-capacity-calculator
diversity, accessiblitiy:
- https://fosdem.org/2017/schedule/event/community_building_an_accessible_community/
- https://www.software.ac.uk/blog/2017-06-01-improving-diversity-research-software-projects-and-events
- https://github.com/dhuppenkothen/entrofy
cssconf on diversity:
- http://cssconf.org/ & http://2016.cssconf.com.au/2016/07/01/programming-inclusion.html

## Electing new officeers
- We need to Elect a chair, secretary.  
Mateusz is the Steering Committee Representative. 
Rayna and Mateusz are not allowed to be the task force chairs, as per task force guidelines. Who is interested in these roles?
- Responsibilities: 
Chair: making sure we're meeting each month, making sure there is an agenda, chairs discussion during meeting  
Secretary (co-chair? :)): taking notes during meeting, making PR to Github to post meeting notes
- Election sumary
  - Secretary: Malvika
  - Chair: Fotis
  - Mark: the committee Gopher to help out when needed :)

## Bid to host Carpentry Con
- Last month, Christian & Mateusz volunteered to help with the drafting of the carpentrycon bid.
- The form to bid is being developed at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iLfRSnRJ_J7laBhFAQsMgjiX_-P5v3BFtQ4f5WaMZQ8/edit
- Each of the committee members will review the document and comment within one week.

## Develop the program
- Previously, Mark & Jamie volunteered to draft a  time line skeleton program
- The program is being developed at: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WdYsY7s1dFm9TigDAuIfvfnfLVthTwRsDOn2KIkJl1E/edit?usp=sharing

Discussion points
- keynotes in the morning would give a theme for the day. We can ask the community what they theme of the days could be.
Suggestion for the keynote speakers?
- round of lightning talks to setup the theme - community driving the topics/organization
- A semi-unconference style. Example: http://www.opencon2017.org
- Panel session
- A poster session could happend during the evening session the first night. Could be used to pick the lightening talks +1
- AWorld cafe format for a session on day-2 (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Cafe): participants can propose a topic/idea for the discussion
- ARemember that different types of activiites (posters, lightening talks, keynotes) attract different people. 
- AMentor-mentee lunch? +1+1+1

Feedback on the program
- There are a variety of schedules, so let's decide on how long the program should be - two or three days?
- Timing of parellel sessions, how many of each thing should there be
- Keeping in mind that conference site would need to have enough space to host things like workshops, lightning sessions, speakers/breakouts - so how many are we aiming for?
- How to we figure out the interest and timeing of concurrent sessions?
- Number of rooms: A big hall for the keynpte speaker, and based on the location the number of parallel session can be decided
- GOOD PLACE TO START: consider an estimated number of attendees (estimate ~120 participants ?)
- Depends on time/location - continent

We will each comment on the draft proposal this week. 

## Develop survey to send out to the group to gauge excitement and participate
We need to develope a survey to gague interest and ability to attend. However, we will postpone distributing this until we received bids.

##  Determine how to include NumFocus or other fiscallly responsible partners in the planning
- Maneesh talks to NumFocus every Thursday. Sue McClathcy is secretary
- Mateusz, Sue, and Christain have been talking about finances. 
- Fotis (and maybe Mark) will be included in these financial discussions