### Date of the meeting: Thursday, November 2nd
_**Call #1 Time**: 9am EEST (San Francisco Wed 23:00, Thessaloniki Thu 09:00, Brisbane Thu 16:00, Melbourne Thu 17:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20171102T09&p1=1428&ah=1)_

_**Call #2 Time**: 7am Pacific / 17pm EEST (San Francisco Thu 07:00, Thessaloniki Thu 17:00, Brisbane midnight, Melbourne Fri 01:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20171102T17&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attendees (_Call #1_)
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
- Mateusz Kuzak (@matkuzak)
- Mark Laufersweiler (@laufers)

### Attendees (_Call #2_)
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
- Malvika Sharan (@malvikasharan)
- SherAaron Hurt
- Tracy Teal (@tracykteal)

### Apologies
- Belinda Weaver @cloudaus

### Update regarding Actions

- Dublin has been confirmed. Norman will be the contact person for the venue in coordination with Mary-Beth from UCD

> Wednesday, 30th May - Friday, 1st June 2018, O'Brien Centre for Science |
> George Moore Auditorium - €350 per day or part thereof |
> Zones 1-3 - inclusive for registration/catering/poster boards - €400 per day

- Unsuccessful venues have been informed.

- Belinda put together a blog post for announcing the official venue and dates.


### Discussion points (_Call #1_):

1. **Blog post announcement**
  - Current version is fine.
  - Also include a "voting" form at the end of the blog post, in order to get a rough estimate of attendance.

2. **Budget**
  - Previous estimate for **~120 participants**
  - **Catering**:  20E - 40E per day per person, leads to ~5kE per day, ~15kE for three days (`1E = $1.17`).
    - lunches + coffee and have them provided
  - **Banquet**: 40E - 55E per person, leads to ~7kE  (`1E = $1.17`).
    - aim too have sponsors cover banquet
  - **Administrative costs**: printing programs/name tags/ etc, 0.5 kE (`1E = $1.17`).
  - **Venue**: based on email, 350E*3 + 400E*3, leads to ~2.5 kE (`1E = $1.17`).
  - **Cost invited speakers**
    - Aim to have no more than two speakers to be flown in (i.e. _primary/outside_ speakers)
    - _Primary speaker_: Cover everything; airfare, accommodation etc.
      - Travel to Dublin from US: ~1000E (`1E = $1.17`).
    - _Secondary speakers_: from within the pool of participants, only waive the registration fees, everything else they cover themselves
    - **Contact them by the end of the year (before Christmas 2018)**
  - **Registration cost**: ~200Euros per person, includes meetings, catering, banquet, carpentry swag, etc.
    - In a similar conference, registration cost was ~350E for 3 days, banquet included.

3. **Other**
- Approach GitHub as a sponsor.
- Investigate cover of liability (connect with the fiscal sponsor of the Carpentries).
- For block booking at hotels, we could also see if we can have the banquet there - may lead to better prices per room.
- Provide the platform to connect participants informally:
  - Give information for who is staying where (taxi sharing) as an optional case
  - For early travelers coming in the day before, a self-organized dinner and chat (but nothing official)
- Communication break-out sessions:
  - Have a session on discussing the preference of the community in terms of communication


### Discussion Points (_Call #2_):

- **Estimating the number of participants**
  - Adding a section in the response to the blog: "_if you would like to attend the conference_" and "_Can attend only with some financial support_"

- **Budget**
  - Will depend on the number of participants
  - Belinda, Tracy, SherAaron will have a first go
    - [Mark and Greg made a rough budget in the earlier stages](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NzZiTsPMArUyZ2S-pblOZZ84a-xp23Zuu6IjD-YXIEg/edit)
  - Registration cost
  - What does the registration include?
    - Should include dinner
    - Some swag (from sponsor)

- **Agenda**
  - Ultimately it is going to be two full days (09:00 - 17:00) plus an optional 3rd days
  - This will also affect the cost
  -   we might not need to have the auditorium for the last day
  - 2-4 keynote speakers (2 per day)
    - No keynote on the last day


- **Keynote speaker**
  - have a primary/external (all cost waived) speaker and one from the participants
  - Two invited speakers for two days
  - Two speakers from among the participants
  - When should we finalize the keynote speakers?
    - It would be nice to get some names and put them on website
    - however, the **selling point should be that it is a participant driven event**


- **Sponsors**
  - **Dublin Convention bureau**: they will help us in finding out the catering/conference dinner and sponsors and some other services
  - NumFocus (to be discussed)
  - Insight (from UCD): Siobhan Grayson (PyCon Ireland)
  - GitHUB and Slack
  - Repositive (https://repositive.io) and eLife (BOSC and Galaxy)


- **Catering**
  - We should try to organize lunch in the conference, this will improve networking
  - Question: can we bring outside food?
    - University has 4-5 catering services and probably allows outside food
  - Decision on this should depend on
    1. the number of participants;
    2. the overall agenda (how many breaks? coffee? lunch?)
  - SherAaron suggested that if we do not get enough budget support for lunch we could organize sponsored networking meeting in the evening with drinks and finger food
  - Official social event: Conference dinner
    - how to organize this?
    - Where: in the venue or other places such as Guinness?
  - Tea/coffee evening

- **Website**
  - Currently hosted as the carpentrycon git repo
  - We should have the rough agenda on the website
  - Link on the blog
  - Add Dublin Convention bureau link for local information

- **Support**
  - Breakout sessions for networking
  - Call for volunteers and help in organizing the meeting?
    - PyCon Ireland, BOSC & Galaxy: locals and lead on sponsors, Django etc.
  - How can volunteers help?
  - Plan the different list
  - Get in touch with ISMB manager to learn how to do it.
    - Before the meeting:
      - Review abstract
      - Set up website
      - Updating website
      - Making noise on the social media
      - Designing poster and flyers
      - Designing certificates
      - Getting sponsors
    - During the meeting:
      - Registration desk
      - Managing different events
      - Excursion
      - Poster presentation
      - Poster reviewer
      - Chairs of different session
      - Twitter handling
      - Recording video/buffer
      - Handling social activities
    - After the meeting:
      - Wrap up?


### Action points:

- [ ] Provide Norman/Mary-Beth the details on the requirements for the breakout rooms so that they can sort these out.
- [ ] Send out the official announcement
    - blog post (see above)
    - update landing webpage to include this information and a rough agenda.
- [ ] Setup the agenda for the current setup
  - Two full days and the third day optional (treat it differently as well for catering purposes)
- [ ] Check different catering costs with the university
  - based on rough number of participants and agenda (i.e. number of breaks)
- [ ] Have a rough budget of the event
  - also include potential sponsorshp tiers.
- [ ] Fill in the [google spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JT7QHlHOirv0rRYcCGwRcDYuoJkBwrfaqqDvqJLxcSA/edit?usp=drive_web) with actual contact people for all sponsors
- [ ] Initiate communication with sponsors
- [ ] Have a final list of invited / keynote speakers


### Expected Timeline

**Date #1: November 17th**
  1. Have the rough estimate of participants (from the blog post form)
  2. Have a list of contact points for sponsors, and assignments among the members of the TF
  3. Deadline for speaker nominations

**Date #2: December 1st**
_(a day after our next call)_
  4. Connected with venue with regards to catering and required rooms.
  5. Have a draft budget and sponsorship tiers.
  6. Have first feedback from sponsors.
  7. Have a decision on the 2+2 speakers, and reach out to them for invitations.
