### Date of the meeting: Tuesday, December 18th, 2018
_**Call #1 Time**: 9 am GMT (San Francisco Tue 01:00, Thessaloniki Tue 11:00, Melbourne, Tue 18:00)
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T11&p1=1428&ah=1))_

_**Call #2 Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T19&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees (_Call #1_)
1. Fotis Psomopoulos
2. Malvika Sharan
3. Bianca Peterson
4. Gabriel Salubi
5. Silvia Di Giorgio
6. Ouso Dan
7. Anne Fouilloux
8. Jessica Upani

### Attendees (_Call #2_)
1. Fotis Psomopoulos
2. Marco Chiapello
3. Mina Zamani
4. Christina Koch
5. Ouso Dan
6. Sher!!
7. Sateesh Peri
8. Mark Laufersweiler
9. Sarah Stevens

### Apologies
- Dennis Irorere
- Kristin Lee
- Patrick Merlot

### Discussion points (_Call #1)_:

#### Introduction:

- Fotis started with introducing the TF and call format
  - Anne Fouilloux: University of Oslo.
  - Silvia di Giorgio: PhD Student in bioinformatics, Un. Koln.
  - Jessica Upani. I'm from the University of Namibia. I attended the first CarpentryCon this year. I would like to help and contribute in any way.
  - Bianca: Postdoc fellowship Northwest university in South Africa. Attended CarpentryConnect Johannesburg.
  - Gabriel: Postdoc university South Africa. Attended CarpentryConnect Johannesburg.
  - Ouso Dan: Observing, currently on the checkout process as an Instructor. Located at Nairobi Kenya.

#### CarpentryCon TaskForce Timeline

- Based on the last CC we compiled a document of our work and timeline, that should help in navigating the new members
- We started by self-organizing, as chairs we took of organizing the meeting and making sure that the entire team is informed of everything we do
- we divided the tasks into smaller ones, for. e.g.: looking for a venue, creating rubrics of what we wanted to see in a venue, agreeing collectively on which venue to take for the meeting (Dublin)
- There are few idea that we have received from the community (participant driven, more activities for interaction) including the format that we want to keep (skill up, keynotes, break-out)
- Every task took time, therefore its important to decide the priorities (venue, keynote) then pursue other tasks such as identifying different sessions, seeking chairs
- after the first one, we will find it easier to get ideas from the communities and sessions run in parallel
- after the venue, we need sponsorship which also requires time to allow defining the budget (we didn't have that for the last one)
- Local community: find a local host, and get a few more people involved (volunteers are needed closer in time)
- We need to do most of the tasks earlier

#### Overall Debriefing

- at the end of the document added tasks by planning phase (should help in picking the areas of work that the taskForce members are interested in). GDoc available [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sm1saUP6gtSkBrhTBE_8LKmK_PMaEmp_UUkx9WOW4oA/edit#heading=h.rgoeqrnkpr3q) This document is for our internal use. Add your email address, and we'll share the document with you.
- The document is written as the time of priority: Theme -> website -> sponsorship + speaker -> ...
- It will help you pick the task that you like and would like to contribute
- It doesn't matter how much time you can commit, but we would need consistency
- we get a lt of support from teh staff - > admin, sponsorships, finances

- More interaction closer to time
  - In the beginning we had 2 calls a day (repeated, second one was review)
  - closer to time we had single calls to make it productive

#### Q&A
- Anne: when will be the kick-off meeting?
  - Beginning of January
  - Sign your name at the end of Call #1 notes so we can add you to the mailiing list

- What kind of participation works meetings vs behind the scenes?
  - being on the call was easier in terms of being informed and actually feel like a part of a team
  - you will have independence for the work you do, so its good to come to the call and update
  - you can obviously skip some meetings, but it is a team building exercise

- the links on the top are not working: update them with the working links

### Discussion points (_Call #2)_:


Onboarding call for Carpentry Con 2020

#### Introductions

- Fotis, helped lead past taskforce w/ Malvika, Mark, Sher, others
- Sher, workshop admin for Carpentries, also trainer + liaison w/ Carpentry Con TF
- Chistina, University of Wisconsin - Madison, likes doing things she hasn't done before
- Sateesh, helped at events this summer at UC Davis, wants to do more
- Mark, research data specialist @ OU libraries, local Carpentries organizer, was on previous TF
- Sarah, also at UW Madison :)))), organizes local community, wants to participate in global community
- Mina, researcher, has helped w/ Carpentries at CODATA school, first experience in TF
- Ouso, student, learned about Carpentries this summer, looking forward to being more involved
- Marco, bioinoformatician, met Fotis recently and is here now.  :)

#### Recap of past taskforce (for Carpentry Con 2018): tasks, timeline, etc.

**Timeline**

- Self-organize, set up the structure of the group
  - Regular meetings (every 3-4 weeks)
  - Malvika + Fotis were co-chairs, led calls, kept minutes, keeping up with people working on tasks
  - Members had different tasks that they would work on between meetings
- Venue
  - Put together a form soliciting locations, reviewed as a TF
  - Shared form with networks
  - Review inputs, get more community feedback on choice of venue (accessibility, etc.)
  - Then find out availability + connect w/ venue --> important to have someone on the TF who is AT that location and can be a local contact
- Agenda/Program
  - TF discussions, then ask for community feedback (how long, what types of sessions)
  - As soon as structure is set, need to get keynotes
  - What is the goal of Carpentry Con?
    - Some things will stay the same (skill-ups, how to get people to talk to each other, etc.)
    - The exact direction of Carpentry Con 2020 may be different!
  - Then solicit interest in topics + leading sessions
    - Hopefully more interest in leading sessions this time around.  
- Money
  - Ongoing through the process
  - Reaching out to sponsors
  - Significant percentage of Carpentry Con funding was through sponsors, not registrations
- Location stuff
  - Hotels
  - Restaurants
  - Things to do
  - Etc.
- SWAG. :DDD
- Finalizing stuff like:
  - Volunteers
  - Content of sessions
  - A/V requirements
  - etc.

**General notes**

* notice that there's a lot of community feedback cycles, soliciting help from community.  
* certain things had to be learned for the first time for Carpentry Con 2018 and these have been documented.
* a timeline was produced from the debrief and can guide the process this time

**Time commitment**
- doesn't have to be a huge amount of time, but a *regular* committment (per week) is really helpful
- commit from now until Carpentry Con 2020 happens
- chairs tried to attend both meetings at the start, ended up doing a combined meeting towards the end
- calls started out monthly, but were weekly at the end

_**Checking emails was really important**!  Being in contact w/ people and staying in communication, asking for help._

#### Q & A

- What's the ideal task force size?
  - Out of a larger group, had a core of 8-10 (including Sher + Belinda)
  - Hope to have 10-12 for the task force this time -- more hands to split task
- From morning: how do you split tasks amongst the group?
  - Kickoff call in January
  - Group's decision on how to self-organize (note-keepers + drivers)
  - Good idea to have a point person responsible for major areas (like program, keynotes, etc.)
    - can then have small teams who aren't able to commit to the whole TF, but can help in particular areas
- Does the debrief contain feedback from the conference?
  - Mostly on the organizational aspect
  - There *is* feedback incorporated into the debrief
- Where does budget fit into the timeline?
  - as soon as you have the venue, need to work on both budget (comes along w/ looking for sponsors) + agenda
  - note from Mark: included priorities (like how expensive you're willing to be) + worked backwards
- How to get feedback from community?
  - Leverage Carpentries staff
  - Lots of visibilities (tweets + blogs)
  - Fotis is optimistic about getting more feedback this time, because Carpentry Con means something, and is not some vague idea. :)
- Any requirements to get involved?
  - Just be an instructor
  - Really want it to be a participants workshop, not the taskforce workshop


### Members of the new TF

 | Name | Email
1 | Anne Fouilloux | annefou@geo.uio.no
2 | Bianca Peterson | bianca.peterson777@gmail.com
3 | Christina Koch | ckoch5@wisc.edu
4 | Gabriel Salubi | Osalubi@ufh.ac.za
5 | Jessica Upani | nabbygirl@gmail.com
6 | Mina zamani | aster.andro777@gmail.com
7 | Ouso Daniel | ousodaniel@gmail.com
8 | Sarah Stevens | sarah.stevens@wisc.edu
9 | Sateesh Peri | perisateesh@nevada.unr.edu
10 | Silvia Di Giorgio  |  digiorgio@zbmed.de


### Next call

**Switching to two-calls mode** - Our next call - last for 2018

**Next meeting**: Tuesday, December 18th

**Call #1**:  [9 am GMT (_San Francisco Tue 01:00, Thessaloniki Tue 11:00, Melbourne, Tue 18:00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T11&p1=1428&ah=1)

**Call #2**: [5 pm GMT  (_San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00_))](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20181218T19&p1=1428&ah=1)


#### Discussion on the upcoming community call:

_Draft Agenda_

Start with an overview of CarpentryCon
- Theme: _"Building Locally, Connecting Globally"_ (Have a short paragraph description - create a Google doc for the organizing committee to put some text together)
- length and general proposed format 2,1/2 days, one full track + BoF + unconference
  - At minimum it will be a two-day event, with an evening banquet (two or three days?).
  - Have people comment on the plan.
- we are going to have BOFs / break out groups.
- These are our ideas on topics
  - what is your feedback on that?
  - Hear what people would think CarpentryCon should be about (esp. regarding breakout sessions).
- we will have need-based travel support for the conference
- we're working on virtual ways to participate in the conference
- _venue_: Open bidding process. We have identified two already. This is the bidding process

What do you want people to do? How can we identify what we can have people do. Would you be interested to act as chairs?

One of the things expected to be asked: when will it be?

_Open Discussion_
- Propose a BoF you want to run or one you would like to see by creating an issue. (_seed a few issues in the repo before the call_). Proposing BoFs as issues (repo) adding as issues on the GitHub repo
- Concerns for the conference?
- Cost?
  - If there are training sessions at CarpentrCon, it may be easier to address costs (as professional development)? (good question for the CarpentryCon call)
- will there be virtual ways to participate?

- **Major priority for the call:**
  - What would you be most excited to see at the conference?
  - what are people expecting CarpentryCon to have?

### Action points:

1. Need a written description of the conference (half a page before the community call) (_Fotis_)
2. Update issues on GitHub, so each issue will be a BoF suggestion (similar to the [rOpenSci unconf](https://github.com/ropensci/unconf17/issues/)) (_Fotis_)
3. After the August 17th Community Call, we should aim to have a one-pager description on the CarpentrCon to use towards attracting funding.
  - What is it that we are offering sponsors?
  - other conferences - what is their price for a booth 'SciPy', 'PyData', other ideas
  - likely need to know what else they need
4. After the Community Call (August 17th), _Belinda_ will write a blog post about CarpentryCon in order to put the word out.
5. After the Community Call (August 17th), open up the Google Form Bid for potential venues.
