### Date of the meeting: Thursday, January 25th
_**Call #1 Time**: 9am EEST (San Francisco Wed 23:00, Thessaloniki Thu 09:00, Brisbane Thu 16:00, Melbourne Thu 17:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180125T09&p1=1428&ah=1)_

_**Call #2 Time**: 7am Pacific / 17pm EEST (San Francisco Thu 07:00, Thessaloniki Thu 17:00, Brisbane midnight, Melbourne Fri 01:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180125T17&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attendees (_Call #1_)
- Danielle Quinn
- Belinda Weaver (@cloudaus)
- SherAaron Hurt
- Mark Laufersweiler (@laufers)
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)

### Attendees (_Call #2_)
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
- Malvika Sharan (@malvikasharan)
- Ivo Arrey
- SherAaron Hurt

### Apologies
- Mateusz Kuzak (@matkuzak)

### Agenda

Update on tasks/actions
1. Update on Keynote people
2. Registration costs: fix costs in order to open registrations
3. Sponsors
4. Agenda topics from community
5. Poster competition
6. Change meeting time

### Discussion points (_both calls_):

#### **Point #1**: _Keynotes_

(Belinda report)
**Acceptances**
- Anelda van der Walt (_on community_)
- Professor Desmond Higgins (_on Bioinformatics_)
- Greg Wilson (_on Carpentries_)

No word yet from Kimberly Bryant (back up for diversity/inclusion is Valerie Aurora). Kari Jordan will chase up Kimberley / otherwise Belinda will reach out to Valerie next week (Monday January 29). Belinda will announce the three speakers on the newsletter this Tuesday January 30.

_see Action Point #1 / #2_

#### **Point #2**: _Registration costs_

- Belinda has created Eventbrite page
- Current levels of registration fees listed [here](https://weaverbel.github.io/cc-draft/#information)
- "Volunteer" level goes away (people should be rewarded after volunteering e.g. with swag). This level has been merged with the early bird.
- Refund will be allowed for about a month before the event
- All student participants will be going at the 100$ registration fee.
  - only for those that want to apply for hardship/waive registration, go for the online form.
- (_About the moderators/session leads "reward"_). We can offer them a gift at the event, or swag, or reimburse the registration. Another idea is to print-out shirts: volunteers get t-shirts with a specific color/logo, session leads get a polo with a different color/logo.
- **Registration should open no later than the end of next week**.

_see Action Point #3_

#### **Point #3**: _Sponsors_

- Malvika secured a grant of 2310 Euros on behalf of the CarpentryCon organizing team from Failte Ireland
- Christina Koch secured a grant of USD $2500
- Overleaf have agreed to create Overleaf Pro+ accounts for all CarpentryCon attendees
- We should allow for a sponsor tier for goodies that small companies will give in lieu of cash (however not directly announced as an option, so as not to discourage potential sponsors).
- Belinda wrote a blog spot ["Be our advocate"](https://software-carpentry.org/blog/2018/01/community-sponsor.html) on how to approach/get sponsors.

_see Action Point #4_

#### **Point #4**: _Agenda_

Belinda has circulated a summary of topics. The session topics that have been currently identified as best options, are listed below.

**Top 6 Skill-up Sessions**
  1. Project Leadership (21 votes) Leads: Carolyn McQuaw, Fotis Psomopoulos
  2. Speaking Effectively (18 votes) Leads: Belinda
  3. Contributing on GitHub (14 votes) Leads: Raniere Silva, François Michonneau, Katrin Leinweber
  4. Leading a Research Lab (12 votes) Leads: Carolyn McQuaw
  5. Creating & registering a carpentry website/event (Lead: Kayleigh Lino)
  6. Shell tips and tricks

 "Advanced R" would be better as a workshop
 #5 is a good skill to help facilitate workshops with new instructors
 #6 would be nice, need a volunteer (good be multiple leads)

 Other options include:
 - Grant Writing Essentials (14 votes) Leads: -   (let this one go / replace with something else)
 - Storytelling for scientists (18 votes) Leads: -
 - All the Git-fu that you need to be a lesson maintainer (Lead: Raniere Silva)
 - Fostering FAIR data & sustainable software practices in the Carpentries (Lead: Katrin Leinweber)

**Top #12 Breakout Session**
  1. Carpentry methods in university courses (21 votes) Leads: Lex Nederbragt, Fotis Psomopoulos
  2. Community building (19 votes) Leads: Toby Hodges, Malvika Sharan,  Matthew Collins, Mark Laufersweiler
  3. Chasing Funding for workshops (16 votes) Leads: - (topic could also be refined based on the actual speaker)
  4. Taking the Carpentries to Industry (15 votes) Leads: - (could be Jonah / Erin)
  5. Incubating a Carpentry: the Library Carpentry use-case (14 votes) Leads: -
  6. Diversity and Inclusion (14 votes) Leads: Malvika Sharan (Kari Jordan)
  7. Overcoming unconscious bias (14 votes) Leads: - (Kari Jordan, Greg)
  8. Mentoring (13 votes) Leads: Malvika Sharan, Kari Jordan
  9. Making the Case for Membership (10 votes) Leads: - (Mark, Amy)
  10. HPC Carpentry Community (10 votes) Leads: Daniel  G. A. Smith, Peter Steinbach
  11. Lesson infrastructure: how can we make it easier to develop and contribute to lessons? (Lead: François Michonneau)
  12. Fostering FAIR data & suistainable software practices in the Carpentries (Lead: Katrin Leinweber)

 Other options include:
 - Capacity Building in Underserved Communities (17 votes) Leads: -   (could be done together with #2)
 - Anti-harassment/How to be a good ally (10 votes) Leads: -
 - Sharing teaching practices with other communities PyLadies, Django Girls, Microbit (10 votes) Leads:
 - Developing SWC style course materials (Can assist in organizing: Malvika Sharan)
 - Writing research on Carpentries' effectiveness (Co-lead, have some experience but not an authority: Matthew Collins


**Top #6 Half-day Workshops**
  1. Lesson Hack-A-Thon (18 votes) Lead: Raniere Silva, François Michonneau
  2. Bring and Build Your Own Lesson ‘Carpentries-style’ (13 votes) Lead: Raniere Silva, François Michonneau, Fotis Psomopoulos
  3. Raising Money From Foundations (12 votes) Lead: -
  4. Strategies for how you code and how to code (11 votes) Lead: François Michonneau
  5. Advanced R (8 votes) Lead: Danielle Quinn, Janani Selvaraj, François Michonneau
  6. HPC Carpentry (8 votes) Lead: Inigo Aldazabal, Peter Steinbach, Michael R. Crusoe

Other options include:
  - Improve your live-coding skills  (Lead: Lex Nederbragt) [better as a skill-up session?] [connected to shell tricks?]
  - Python plus (14 votes) Lead: -

_see Action Point #5_

#### **Point #5**: _Poster competition_

We have 6 poster submissions already for the promotional poster competition. Belinda will put together a pdf portfolio and send it to all after the end of the deadline (end of January).

_see Action Point #6_

#### **Point #6**: _Other_

1. **Change call time**
- Make it a weekly call
- Instead of two calls, have a single one (Belinda is willing to take one for the team and be inconvenienced for this)
- [Time across multiple time zones](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingtime.html?iso=20180208&p1=224&p2=75&p3=64&p4=179&p5=136&p6=37&p7=26&p8=152)

2. Danielle put together a student package: [Student (or anyone!) Package (i.e. Why should you go to CarpentryCon?)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qyZBhAd_73ZG7TYW8L00-SDxGsxEuXOy/view?usp=sharing)

3. Malvika: there are some local people from Dublin UCD that could facilitate things. We could invite them to join the calls - not next week, but the week after.


### Action points:

**Major points to be resolved ASAP**
- Agenda
- Registration
- Accommodation


1. Kari Jordan will chase up Kimberley this week. If no response / negative response, Belinda will reach out to Valerie next week (Monday January 29).
2. Belinda will announce the three speakers on the newsletter this Tuesday January 30.
3. Registration should open by the end of next week at the latest (i.e. March 2nd).
4. (all) Any opportunities for sponsors (through our personal/professional networks) that might arise, should be taken (always cc Sher for this)
5. Belinda will update the schedule with the topics
6. Belinda will put together a pdf portfolio of the posters, after January 31st.
7. Fotis will look at a few options for hotel and accomodations for Dublin


### Timeline
- next week: first draft of agenda
- open registration by end of next week (or sooner)

### Next call

**Next meeting**: Thursday, February 1st

**Call**:  [22:00 EEST (_San Francisco Thu 12:00, Thessaloniki Thu 22:00, Brisbane Fri : 06.00)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180201T22&p1=1428&ah=1)

