### Date of the meeting: Friday, April 13th 2018
Single Call:  15:00 EET (San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180413T15&p1=1428&ah=1
Connection info:  http://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attending:

1. Malvika Sharan (@sharan)
2. Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
3. Belinda Weaver (@cloudaus)
4. Danielle (@daniellequinn88)
5. Mark Laufersweiler (@laufers)


### Apologies:

1. SherAaron Hurt


### Agenda

1. Budget
2. ELIXIR session (lightning talks)
3. Social Media and Volunteers
4. Accessibility page
5. Contacting Exhibitors for the venue
6. Other


### Discussion

1. Budget:
  - Update of number of participants: **79**
  - Will we need a poster session?
    - how many poster and lightning talk abstracts do we have?  **18**
      - [complete list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Y7yQpymqRzmqhxf618R8C7YHnh6CkuWYFoLe4yHjlm4/edit#gid=0)
    - We don't have many posters, but Jackson lab have sponsored poster prizes
  - Ask the community to provide posters (such as SSI, ELIXIR, BOSC, Galaxy, SciPy open call etc)
  - We will keep the poster session to promote socializing
  - Conference Catering cost for 150 people (3-days catering, includes poster session, not dinner): 15,000 Euros


2. Ask ELIXIR participants to submit abstract for poster and talk
  - Fotis has invited ELIXR members to join, by next week we might have a few more registrations
  - Mateusz and Paula are coordinating this from the ELIXIR side
  - We have offered them a 30-minute lightning session
    - If need be, we can also give them (a) a workshop 3,5 hour slot or (b) an additional 30-minute lighting talk session


3. Social Media and volunteers
  - [Etherpad link](http://piratenpad.de/p/CarpentryCon_ToDo)
  - Danielle has a plan for the social media (see her email below)
    - Closer to time she can also start posting individual bio with pictures of the session leads, speakers, volunteers, travel grant awardees etc. This will help up a lot to highlight the individual contributions and also show the diversity of people involved. Something like this [one](https://twitter.com/ucddublin/status/723527750162718720).
    - She is using Hootsuite for tweeting.
    - Danielle's email
      > So tomorrow (eek!) is 50 days until Carpentry Con...!! In celebration / to continue to ramp up the excitement, I have a series of tweets / posts for other channels (Slack, FB, etc.) ready to go, but want to run things by everyone and ask for input / ideas.
      > I thought we could start the countdown with an intro to the task force, and shortly before the conference also introduce and thank our volunteers. At the moment, I have a workshop / breakout / skill up preview every Monday, featured speaker every Wednesday, and UCD highlight every Friday, along with various bits of information and reminders. At the moment, the previews and speakers are essentially based on what abstracts / bios are available on the git repo while also aiming to be diverse as possible - lots of them aren't finalized, and if anyone has bio information on a speaker and wants to compose a tweet to add to this sheet, that'd be great! Otherwise, I'll fill in the blanks as information continues to come in.
      > A few days before the conference I'd like to put out a call for people to submit their travel photos with the hashtag #GettingToCarpentryCon. I've also been brainstorming what kinds of things might be helpful to people travelling; a reminder to bring adapters if coming from outside Europe, what kind of weather to expect, etc. I'd love it if one of the local volunteers would be willing to write up a short blog post about the best ways of getting around Dublin. :) Feel free to add things [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_DKp8Gh6urElWmk3eQkRHkD6C0HY2hszaT_2or9mXIo/edit?usp=sharing). Or tweet directly from the @CarpentryCon account

    - [Sher has written a blog post on volunteering](http://www.datacarpentry.org/blog/volunteers-wanted/). Following this up, we should have another call with the volunteers and you can add a couple of them if your team to help you with the social media related stuff (I saw on twitter that people were suggesting different apps to synchronize our social activities, and it looks like a lot of dedicated work!).
      - We will also share the [CarpentryCon  etherpad](http://pad.software-carpentry.org/carpentrycon) to ask the attendees if they would like to volunteer for a session or two.
    - [Invitation and poster for promotion](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15Ew03hRtI51A_dnGCBJhv6OdJAgRa3zIldrfZoQt1j8/edit)
    - Ask one of the volunteers from UCD to write a blog post on instructions for getting to Dublin (airport etc)
    - Malvika to put out a doodle poll for a meeting with volunteers


4. Accessibility page
  - [Link to page](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/venue.md)
  - We will populate this page with all the important information
    - Tracy, Sher, Kari and Malvika will have a meeting to discuss the action plans before and during the event.
  - Childcare: Talbot
    -  4 children so far (1 child is 3.5 yo)
    - Nursing: extra room for feeding
  - Medical attention: check with the medical facility/red cross
  - Family and Partners
    - add information about dinner (please purchase ticket), family are welcome (please add your name to an etherpad for socializing)
    - Check with restaurant pi for places: for lunch
    - Partner coffee hour
    - We can allow them to attend the keynote lectures
    - Arrange lunch to be paid: coordinate with the restaurant pi
  - Accessibility: wheelchairs
  - Special requirement: dietary
  - Collect:
    - taxi number:
    - Bus number:
  - Weather and entertainment: check the climate


5. Asking sponsors for their exhibition requirement/interest at the conference:
  - The location can accommodate maximum 25 vendor
    - 2m x 2m, 1 table and 2 chairs, electric requirements should be checked
  - Who will coordinate it?
  - Information required: Who will come? How many tables/chairs are required? Are they registered (conference/dinner)? Do they need any power sockets?
  - Aleksandra Nenadic from SSI wants to bring promotional materials
  - Overleaf
  - ELIXIR: Fotis
  - Belinda/Sher to write an email for all sponsors ask whether they are interested in a booth (other requirements)
  - Have a 'Traditional' Carpentries booth
  - Mentoring table


6. Other
  - Proforma Invoice?
  > (email from Ohaeri Ifeoma, Computer Science Deportment, North-West University, South Africa)
  Thanks for responding. I want to know if it is possible to send a proforma invoice for me to be able to process the ticket payment. Also, I want to know if financial support can be granted to subsidize travel expenses.

  - Sher will have a proposed plan for Registration at next weeks meeting.
    - First come first serve
    - 3 choices of the workshop
    - day ticket
    - Session ticket


### Action points that came out of this meeting:

1. **@all**: Ask the community to provide posters (such as SSI, ELIXIR, BOSC, Galaxy, SciPy open call etc)
2. **Fotis**: Follow up on ELIXIR involvement (session, poster and booth/table)
3. **Malvika**: put out a doodle poll for a meeting with volunteers
  - Ask one of the volunteers from UCD to write a blog post on instructions for getting to Dublin (airport etc)
4. **@all**: Add information to the [accessibility page](https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/master/venue.md)
5. **Belinda/Sher**: write an email for all sponsors ask whether they are interested in a booth (other requirements)
6. **Sher** will have a proposed plan for Registration at next weeks meeting.
7. **Belinda**: Check with Christina about the Community call (25-26 April)
  - taskforce members will run call in different time zones
8. Send an email to the volunteers with the blog, tweet this and get more people involved
9. Send out the promotional email and posters to all the registered participants and volunteers
10. Social media activity: get stats on gender, session etc that Danielle can tweet
11. Identify people for tip & tricks in Unix: Mark will lead this (put him as a contact)
12. How to register participants for the workshops/sessions (in order to assess powerplugs and computers): etherpad, google form?


### Next call

**Next meeting**: Friday, April 20th 2018

**Call**:  [15:00 EET (_San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180420T15&p1=1428&ah=1)
