## NumFOCUS meeting

### Date / Time
* Wednesday, June 28
* 19:00 UTC / 15:00 US-Eastern / 12:00 US-Pacific

### Attendees
- Fotis Psomopoulos
- Maneesha Sane
- Belinda Weaver
- Mark Laufersweiler
- Lyn Brubaker
- Nancy Nguyen
- Leah Silen

### Apologies
-

### Discussion points:

1. **General introduction**

  * We aim for a first global event, and then initiate regionals as well.
  * We will document the process for the Global event, so that it can be applied for regional support as well.
  * We expect ~120 people for the CarpetryCon (as a starting number).
  * We have a draft agenda (two / three days), with primary focus on positive experience
    - we aim for a wide, engaged and exciting community event -> connectivity is the main drive
  * We are not restricting location (i.e. could be beyond US)
    - Ideally venue should be close to the larger existing Carpentry communities (US and UK being the largest ones)
  * Timing for the CarpentryCon is Spring 2018.
    - Final decision on venue should be by the end of Summer 2017.

2. **Venue**

  * Should actively seek a venue; talk to the University, and look into what is available, as opposed to them approaching us.
  * Thinking mostly towards to University-type venues, keeping costs down
    - _downside_: problem with parallel sessions. Usually 1-2 is probably fine, but more than that it's a limiting factor (e.g. require some walking around, etc)
    - _plus_: Catering is usually a bit less / economic, as compared to other venues.
  * Should check for adequate AV, and have people on staff / on site to troubleshoot
  * Check on parking, accessibility, transportation
  * An open bid might not be a good approach, unless there is a very specific checklist that will clear up any non-conforming venues/sites. But definitely reach out also to people/institutions that may be interested directly.
  * **Liability**:
    - NumFOCUS has liability insurance, and that covers any event of the projects that they cover.
    - In case of childcare, usually the childcare provider covers the liability (but it can also be covered by NumFOCUS). If we reach out for a childcare provider, NumFOCUS will be able to verify/evaluate the provider in terms of sufficiency/adequacy.

3. **Sponsors**

  * Better directly support the organization, instead of specific tasks, i.e. have the money come in, and we manage all actual expenses.
    - NumFOCUS can provide financial administration. Usually the process involves a spreadsheet with all vendors monitoring who is getting paid, how much, for what, etc.
  * For each sponsor, check who is the person that will be the liaison, i.e. the person we will ultimately have the invoice sent to.
  * Wait until the final decision on date and venue, identify the roles we would like the sponsors to have, what are the benefits they will receive, and then contact them.
   - Will we have an open expo area for example?
  * Lynn (as the admin NumFOCUS) can provide us with a list of exactly what she will need in terms of financing. This is something to be communicated with each of the sponsors.
  *  Sponsors could do stipends/students  scholarships.
    - have a set amount: X$ for travel.
    - Domestic transfers usually are less convoluted management-wise compared to overseas.

4. **General admin**
 - We can use Trello for organizational purposes (tasks and assignees)

### Action points:

1. Create a letter for sponsors (what we need, what are the benefits) and then get it to Lynn/Nancy @ Numfocus for a quick check/ok.
