### Date of the meeting: Thursday, October 5
_**Call #1 Time**: 9am EEST (San Francisco Wed 23:00, Thessaloniki Thu 09:00, Melbourne, Thu 16:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20170810T09&p1=1428&ah=1)_

_**Call #2 Time**: 7am Pacific / 17pm EEST  (San Francisco Thu 07:00, Thessaloniki Thu 17:00, Melbourne, Fri 00:00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20170810T17&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attendees (_Call #1_)
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
- Mateusz Kuzak (@matkuzak)
- Belinda Weaver @cloudaus
- Mark Laufersweiler (@laufers)

### Attendees (_Call #2_)
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
- Malvika Sharan (@malvikasharan)
- SherAaron Hurt
- Tracy Teal (@tracykteal)


### Apologies


### Update regarding Actions

We have currently 9 strong candidate venues, as listed [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rJkCU_04s84l3187DoHWe-qewUjbDIi558YXawHp3DI/edit#gid=1996402608).

_USA_
1. California Digital Library (California, Oakland or UCLA)
2. University of Minnesota (Minneapolis, MN)

_Canada_
1. UBC Alumni Centre (UBC, Vancouver)
2. Robarts Library, University of Toronto (Toronto, Ontario, Canada)

_Europe_
1. Materials Physics Center / University of the Basque Country (UPV/EHU)  (Donostia - **San Sebastian, Spain**)
2. Conway Institute (University College Dublin, Belfield, **Dublin, Ireland**)
3. Moore Auditorium UCD, University College Dublin (**Dublin, Ireland**)
4. BioQuant (**Heidelberg, Germany**)
5. European Molecular Biology Laboratory (**Heidelberg, Germany**)


Factors to take into consideration:
1. Visa
2. Time travelling
3. $
4. Sponsors
5. Local support
6. Potential to grow Carpentry communities
7. Cost of participants travel for the meeting (flights, lodging, food)

List of potential keynote/plenary speakers for CarpentryCon as an [etherpad](http://pad.software-carpentry.org/2018carpentryconkeynotes).

Belinda set up a Trello board to help us all organise CarpentryCon 2018 - here is a [link](https://trello.com/invite/carpentrycon/1b20144723d59846e1a49dfda451200c) to join the board.


### Discussion points (_Call #1)_:

Discussed the advantages and disadvantages of all submitted bids.
 - primary focus on visa, travel and size of venue (max participants).
Have an vote from all people participate in the CarpentryCon TF.
Reconvene next week for final decision.


### Discussion points (_Call #2)_:

Discussed the advantages and disadvantages of all submitted bids.
Should have a rough estimate of cost per person for each of these sites
 - will be calculated for the meeting next week.



#### Expected Timeline

Timeline aiming for mid-May - mid June as this is the most convenient period for attracting more participants.
1. Deadline for voting on the submitted venues: Thursday, October 12th 2017
2. Next call for final decision: Friday, October 13th 2017 (two calls at the usual times)
3. After decision, reach out to:
 - the contact person of selected bid; should have a strong feedback / progress within the first two weeks (i.e. until late October). **Key point: select venue AND date**.
 - reach out to all people that submitted bids for thanks (and maybe a token of appreciation?)
 4. Assign roles in putting everything together - aim for a mid November outreach / announcement to the community.


### Action points:
- [x] Belinda will create a voting form for the task force to record their preferences for the venue. We aim to select by 12 October, and meet again 13 October. Form is available [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfnE1xyXsPvOfKtYUZo70N0BZEHa3lhn9uFi6WyQObW5G9Ddw/viewform).
- [ ] All: estimate rough travel cost, travel time and accommodation costs for each of the cities for discussion in our next call.
- [ ] Belinda will create a form to allow us to ask for nominations for CarpentryCon keynotes
- [ ] Belinda will design a poster competition to help publicise CarpentryCon once venue and date are locked in
- [ ] How to thank the people submitting the bids that were not selected.
