### Date of the meeting: Friday, May 18th 2018
Single Call:  15:00 EET (San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00)
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180518T15&p1=1428&ah=1
Connection info:  http://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attending:

- Fotis
- Belinda
- Malvika
- Mark
- Danielle
- Tracy
- Sher!
- Elizabeth
- Ivo

### Agenda:

#### Additional seats to be offered on-site
  - Offering available seats from the workshop to the local participants for low registration fee (10-20 Euros)
    - We might have more seats, can register people on spot
    - How do we do it?
      - **Eventbrite**: 20 Euros per day or on spot by cash    
    - Ask session leads for max number of participants
    - **Maximum cap per workshop**: 30.
      - We'll need to have the volunteer in the room making sure that the correct spots are maintained.
      - Delegating task of organizing participants to different sessions (response form)
        - Use this list on the day one. Stick list outside the respective rooms, people can check and enter the room

### Participants response
  - Need to re-send the response form: based on the current numbers of responses
    - Also put information on the email regarding the cap per workshop (first-come/register-first-serve) as an incentive


### Program finalization
  - Update the links on the website: https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/tree/master/program
    - BoF on the last day: simultaneous to the workshop
    - Reorder the beginning of Day 1 (_Welcome_, _Keynote_ **then** _icebreaker_)
  - Put information on the lightning talks
      1. Presentation as a single PDF file
      2. 3-5 slides/pages because time is limited to ~5’ per talk
      3. Orientation should be landscape, but ratio can be any convenient to the speaker
      4. File should be uploaded to the corresponding session on GitHub
      5. Speakers can also to the talk without any slides at all, if they so prefer (i.e. slides are really optional)
  - ELIXIR poster & lightning talk on 4OSS to be included. Mateusz is the presenter, assigned to session 5    
  - People allocation for the icebreaker event:
    - Animals as the group of 8

### Questions from community regarding posters
  - Final determination as to dimensions?
    - Standard A0 format (see also meeting notes 2018-05-04)
  - Posters be printed locally, but it is done independently of CarpentryCon

### Local updates
  - Update on the AV company cost: ~3500 Euros
  - Update on the conference catering company
    - We haven't received all the survey response. Should resend to collect any dietary restriction etc.


### Other points
  - extension cords for workshops w/ people using their own computers?
  - Where Carpentries Staff is needed?
   - It is volunteer based
  - Thanking / mentioning sponsors
    - 1 slide for code of conduct, send it to each session lead
  - Final debriefing
    - create a structure for capturing it
    - Lessons learned
    - Post conference feedback


### Action points
  1. Resend the survey to participants, highlighting the first-come-first-serve aspect. Also important to gather the dietary restrictions in order to proceed with the conference catering service.
  2. Danielle to send out a confirmation email to all people that submitted a lightning talk and/or poster
  3. Belinda to update the website:
    - BoF on the last day: simultaneous to the workshop
    - Reorder the beginning of Day 1 (_Welcome_, _Keynote_ **then** _icebreaker_)
    - Put information on the lightning talks (see above)
  4. Belinda to prepare a printable version of the program
  5. Belinda to create a single slide for code of conduct and sponsors (to be sent to each session lead)
  6. Order 10 canvas boards (wish list, volunteer board, job board, event board, sponsors)
  7. Create a volunteer list: task to do for different volunteers, print the task for them
  8. Schedule on board:


### Next call

**Next meeting**: Thursday, May 24th 2018

**Call**:  [15:00 EET (_San Francisco Fri 06:00, Thessaloniki Fri 15:00, Brisbane Fri :23.00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180524T15&p1=1428&ah=1)
