### Date of the meeting: Thursday, February 8th
_**Call Time**: 22:00 EEST (San Francisco Thu 12:00, Thessaloniki Thu 22:00, Brisbane Fri :06.00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180208T22&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attendees
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
- Danielle Quinn (@daniellequinn88)
- Malvika Sharan (@malvikasharan)
- Ivo Arrey
- Belinda Weaver (@cloudaus)
- Mark Laufersweiler (@laufers)

### Apologies


### Agenda

Update on tasks/actions
1. Update on Keynote speakers
2. Session Leads
3. Accommodation
4. Call for Abstracts form
5. Budget & Catering
6. Form for travel subsidy requests
7. Volunteer Responsibilities (on-campus and off-campus)
8. Other points
  - Registrations
  - Sponsors

### Discussion points:

#### **Point #1**: _Update on Keynote speakers_

Valerie Aurora is interested and keen to come. She has some disability so she needs to stay at a hotel leading to somewhat higher cost slightly. Also, in addition to keynoting at CarpentryCon, Valerie Aurora is offering to run a free ally skills workshop, similar to [this](https://frameshiftconsulting.com/ally-skills-workshop/).
- _Venue specific requirements?_ **Belinda can follow up on this**.


#### **Point #2**: _Session Leads_
We have a [Google sheet for assigning reaching out to the facilitators](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1G80RPvP8DMPZ89i2vfStdT_6ComP4qsI8ioEvUep2Vw/edit?usp=sharing).
- The Nordic e-Infrastructure Collaboration (NeIC) have requested additional information: **Belinda to reach out to them**
- For the two HPC Sessions: there was an email from Alan O'Cais. Fotis will follow up, reaching out to Christina Koch and Peter Steinbach for the HPC Workshop, and Alan O'Cais for the HPC Breakout.
- (Report from Belinda) Amazon is willing to sponsor CarpentryCon, but will need to have a "_SAGE Maker_" workshop. The draft agenda has been updated.


#### **Point #3**: _Accommodation_
- The current list of Hotels suggested by UCD is available in this [Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14NJ28V8frDjc9D0K1bpqzqPFhTK2A2lrg_Mt73JCItk/edit#gid=0). The discrepancies in rates are from two different locations (Fotis and Ivo).
- **UCD can offer on-campus accommodation for 69 Euro per night: single ensuite rooms**
  - We can suggest shared apartment options (self booking)
  - We can provide a shared Google Sheet page for people to identify other participants looking for shared accommodation.

**Involve DCB for block booking**: will also probably get some additional information on sightseeing for family members. **Malvika to send an email for getting rates/info**. If not satisfied, we contact some/all of these hotels for discounts, with the provision that we mention them / link to them on the CaprentryCon website.

#### **Point #4**: _Call for Abstracts_

**We need this ASAP for people who need it for funding and for funder submission.**

- We have a draft Google Form for Call for Abstracts [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1-qVpdmVD6WT87guHjDYDNy5Eetcwk-QMsVPPSU3MgDU/edit)
  - Add the CarpentryCon logo on the abstract submission form.
  - Form to be moved to the Carpentry Drive
  - Add target choice for poster vs lightning talk vs both
  - We will start reviewing on an earlier date, close form on later date or when all slots have been filled.
  - Action for All: Tweet it out! :)


#### **Point #5**: _Budget and Catering_
- We need a fairly fixed catering quote. The final draft budget will have to be submitted to sponsors this week!

- Restaurant PI gave a quotation for two coffee breaks and a lunch per day for the entire three days. They can also have a quotation for the drinks on the poster session.
- Need a quotation for a different restaurant for the social dinner.
- Welcome could be less formal and organized by participants on the day (self paid)
- Overall catering budget should be ~30k

Specifically:
- We got quote from 4 restaurants:
    - _Restaurant Pi_, _With taste_, _Knights_ and _Java Republic_
      - First 3 recommended by the UCD venue
      - All the quotes are added to [Asana](https://app.asana.com/0/491535644797945/521382954726274)
    - Cheapest option is _Restaurant Pi_
      - 7.80 for coffee snacks twice a day and 13.95 for the Lunch Buffet: **Total 12,287 Euros**
      - On campus (right opposite to the auditorium)
      - Will provide water cooler and staff
      - They even have sitting area for over 200 people
    - Knight:
      - 7 for coffee snacks twice a day and 19.95 for the Lunch Buffet (fancier than Pi)
      - Can give tokens?

- Ask Restaurant Pi for a quotation for the drinks during the poster session
- Need to look for Conference dinner.
  - Maybe _Guinness Storehouse_? Ask for quotes.
- To budget: snacks / drinks for poster session
- To budget: dinner (at venue or otherwise)  


#### **Point #6**: _Form for travel subsidy requests_
- The current Draft is available [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1yZOuY7tq2mHrlH_MLd-dtjakBEyMQpAScsPckXGhTIo/edit)
- Add the field "_Need a letter of support for visa_" as a _Yes/No_ response.
- Create a rubric for the subsidies
  - Senior staff/group/steering committee should have a discussion on the rubric


#### **Point #7**: _Volunteer Responsibilities_
Pre-Conference
- Stuffing bags
- Set up (Signs and directions, tables, tech)

Registration / Welcome
- Registration table
- Coat check (?)
- Oversee poster set up

Throughout
- Directing people / general information
- Chairing lightning talk sessions
- Taking notes at breakout sessions
- Tech (making sure presentations / software / displays are working correctly)

Entertainment
- need someone on the ground to check out locations, etc.

Community / Outreach (more than just volunteer responsibilities listed here...)
- Social Media 'team'
  - Twitter: live tweeting various sessions, live "happening now" agenda, post mini interviews with attendees
- idea board for future conferences
- minute cards and large board for feedback at the end of each day
- map and pushpins for attendees to mark home cities
- photo booth area (flags, other props, backdrop?)
- high-quality photographs for future conference advertising
- whiteboard / other space for attendees to write down what they want to accomplish at the conference
- job board (this is always a busy place at American Fisheries Society meetings!)

Malvika listed the volunteers from UCD and other locations [here](https://piratenpad.de/p/CarpentryCon_ToDo).


#### **Point #8**: _Other Points_
- Registrations are open; 4 registered so far, ~400 accessed the page.
- We have some confirmed sponsors, still expecting input from some additional ones.



### Action points:

1. Keynotes
  - Follow up on any Venue-specific requirements for Valerie Aurora.
2. Session Leads
  - Reach out to Christina Koch and Peter Steinbach for the HPC Workshop, and Alan O'Cais for the HPC Breakout.
  - Follow up on the Nordic e-Infrastructure Collaboration (NeIC) question
3. Travel subsidies
  - Agree on a rubric
4. Catering
  - Ask Restaurant PI for poster session
  - Need to look for Conference dinner: Guinness Storehouse: Ask for quotes
5. Accommodation
  - Involve DCB for block booking? Maybe combine with sightseeing for family members. Send an email for getting rates/info. If not satisfied, we contact some/all of these hotels for discounts if we mention them on the CaprentryCon
  - Get in touch with Hotel: tempt them about being advertised


### Next call

**Next meeting**: Thursday, February 15th

**Call**:  [22:00 EEST (_San Francisco Thu 12:00, Thessaloniki Thu 22:00, Brisbane Fri :06.00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=201802015T22&p1=1428&ah=1)
