### Date of the meeting: Thursday, February 15th
_**Call Time**: 22:00 EEST (San Francisco Thu 12:00, Thessaloniki Thu 22:00, Brisbane Fri :06.00)_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180215T22&p1=1428&ah=1)_

Connection info: https://carpentries.zoom.us/j/709356843

### Attendees
- Fotis Psomopoulos (@fopsom)
- Danielle Quinn (@daniellequinn88)
- Belinda Weaver (@cloudaus)
- Malvika Sharan (@malvikasharan)
- Mark Laufersweiler (@laufers)
- SherAaron Hurt
- Ivo Arrey


### Apologies


### Agenda

1. Abstracts form
2. Session Leads
3. Accommodation
4. Sponsors update
5. Rubric for travel subsidy requests
6. Budget update
7. Catering
8. Childcare

### Discussion points:

#### **Point #1**: _Abstracts form_
The call for abstracts is already live on the [CarpentryCon website](), and we have already received some abstracts for consideration.


#### **Point #2**: _2. Session Leads_
The current list of sessions and corresponding leads is available [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1G80RPvP8DMPZ89i2vfStdT_6ComP4qsI8ioEvUep2Vw/edit?usp=sharing)
- Updated with the confirmed co-leads and discussed the program
- We have a few places to confirm for the possible sponsor's workshop and Valerie's workshop

#### **Point #3**: _3. Accommodation_
Reached out to three hotels through the Dublin Convention Bureau:
  1. Talbot Hotel Stillorgan (total capacity of 150 bedrooms)
    - They would not have the 75 rooms need per night to accommodate your request. They can however offer 35 per night from the 29th of May 2018. They are fully booked from the 1st – 3rd of June.
    - They can block the rooms but would have a 6 week cut off period before the event if 50% of the rooms have not been booked.
    - A booking code can be issued for people booking over the phone or online or via email.
    - They can offer a rate of €139 BB for Twin or Double Room and €149 BB for Triple Room.
  2. Radisson Blu St Helens (total capacity of  151 bedrooms)
  3. Clayton Hotel Ballsbridge
- In touch with the summer UCD accommodation: they haven't got back about the link for registration yet


#### **Point #4**: _4. Sponsors update_
- Elizabeth informed that Ruth will sign the document from Failte Ireland, but Malvika hasn't received the document yet
- Norman through UCD can cover flights for a few of us (preferably from the Taskforce with limited funding options) with 1300€ - 1400€ as a part of Data Carpentry workshop before the conference
  - can cover European trainers; i.e. travel and accommodation for the 2-3 nights during the DC workshop.

#### **Point #5**: _5. Rubric for travel subsidy requests_
- We will discuss the Rubric in the next meeting.

#### **Point #6**: _6. Budget update_
  - Catering
  - Live streaming: tech support: see the UCD recommended

#### **Point #7**: _7. Catering_
General information updated on [Asana](https://app.asana.com/0/491535644797945/list)
- Restaurant PI was selected, who provided a quote (18,611 Euros without tax and 20,457 Euros with tax)
  - Includes the quote for the poster session the alcoholic beverages have not been counted.
- Guinness offered a quote for conference dinner for 40 Euros per person + location charge of 4000 Euros: Total 14000 Euros
  - Need to hire buses for pick and drop, its not very close to the UCD and coming back in the night could be a pain
- Clayton Hotel Ballsbridge offered two quotes: 59 Euros per person for 3 course menu and 69 Euros for 4 course menu.
- Thomas Prior Hall would be 230 people for reception and not all seated apparently
- Contacted a few more places: Merry Ploughboy which can sit 220 for a banquet
- Other option will be to have it in UCD and hire a catering (only if our budget doesn't allow)

#### **Point #8**: _8. Childcare_
- Discuss this next time, Sher will initiate communication
  - Ask UCD
  - Failte Ireland


### Action points:

1. Abstracts
  Belinda will create a folder on Google Drive to share the abstracts and the corresponding details for review

2. Session Leads
  Fotis will reach out to Carolyn and Lex for the respective sessions
  Malvika will reach out to Kayleigh for the respective session
  Belinda will link the spreadsheet to the CarpentryCon website, only with the confirmed leads/sessions

3. Accommodation
  Fotis will confirm with Talbot Hotel Stillorgan; block-book the 35 offered rooms as BB, with a distribution of ~32 double/twin rooms and ~3 triple.

4. Sponsors
  Follow up with the document from Failte Ireland.

5. Rubric for travel subsidy requests
  Belinda is going to share the link of the existing Instructor Training rubric with some ideas

6. Budget
  Look up options for live-streaming at the venue.
  Look for potential "Dinner Sponsor".

7. Catering
  See alternative options based on final budget.

8. Childcare
  Sher will initiate communication (options include UCD and Failte Ireland)

### Next call

**Next meeting**: Thursday, February 22nd

**Call**:  [22:00 EEST (_San Francisco Thu 12:00, Thessaloniki Thu 22:00, Brisbane Fri :06.00_)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20180222T22&p1=1428&ah=1)
