### Date of the meeting: April 7, 2022

_**Call Time**: 21:00 UTC_
_[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon2022&iso=20220407T21&p1=1440&ah=1)_

**Connection info**: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/88311293165?pwd=NnQxbHN0VzU1UUY3UDZ4UHB1d1NmZz09

### Attendees
1. Jesse Johnston
1. Rohit Goswami
1. Jian Liu
1. Maneesha Sane (Carpentries Core Team) 


### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
  - Communication preferences, channels, and availability prior to conference
  - Access to conference website repo
  - Elements that can give the 2022 site a distinctive look & feel (photos, colors, fonts)
  - Technical v. design v. gathering information & coordinating with other committees
  
### Minutes from the Discussion:

#### Communication and Coordination

- Communication preferences (is GitHub issues sufficient?)
  - Note availability (times when committee will be less accessible) in shared spreadsheet (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1P5uwXMUG3u3EFYBbv9vfkrhQZ-aR4RLyKYfZKx7Hf4U/edit#gid=921787593)
  - Check roles & responsibilites, as well as committee minutes location (see Issue #17 https://github.com/carpentrycon/carpentrycon2022/issues/17)
  - Possible to have a biweekly meeting time, to triage issues, make sure that everything is moving ahead - for now, the current time works as a possibility for subcommittee co-chairs, but we should also check with the rest of those who volunteered for the committee (Jian will start looking for a standing time); when appropriate, minutes of the meetings should be posted to the carpentrycon repo (see template at https://github.com/carpentries/carpentrycon/blob/main/Minutes/minutes_template.md)
- Does everyone have appropriate level of access to GitHub repository?
  - Maneesha will add the co-chairs & JJ to the repo collaborators so they can assign issues
  - Plan is to use tasks to share work amongst the committee (eg, requesting images), technical details can be supported by Carpentries core team
- Committee Workflow & coordination
  - for the most part, website tasks can be accessed, proposed, and updated by any github users, technical details and mechanics of design 
- Current tasks / site issues 
  - Goals to get the current site a unique look & feel - possibly look for elements of new styling, using color, images, fonts
  - Overall timeline for content & updates (see Asana)
  - Review published site & repo for any legacy/outdated information from the 2020 event
  - Update and identify new header/hero images (issue https://github.com/carpentrycon/carpentrycon2022/issues/23)
  - Reach out to task force members for photos, social media handles
  - Liaisons to communciation and program committees? They should have a point of contact - current membership of committee & details is on the "Website" tab here - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1P5uwXMUG3u3EFYBbv9vfkrhQZ-aR4RLyKYfZKx7Hf4U/edit?usp=sharing 
    - Jian volunteers as the liaison point for communications (planning blog posts, working with the comms committee & program committee as more information comes up)

### Action points

Check these against the issues list and assignments in the [CarpentryCon@Home2022 repo](https://github.com/carpentrycon/carpentrycon2022/issues), but for general reference: 

  - Jian point person to liaise with other subcommitees
  - Jian looking for time to set up with entire committee as a standing meeting, ensure issue triage and assignments
  - Jesse will transfer minutes and notes to the minutes repo
  - all committee members should add information about availability (any times they won't be available in lead-up to conference), as well as GitHub user handles in the [2022 CarpentryCon Task Force spreadsheet here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1P5uwXMUG3u3EFYBbv9vfkrhQZ-aR4RLyKYfZKx7Hf4U/edit#gid=921787593) 

### Next call

Our next call, currently planned for Date, Time

Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/carpentrycon2022
